# Recirepo - A repository of recipes

This project is part of a recruitment task, involving creation of a reporistory of recipes, using crudcrud.com to simulate an api.

Few notes to keep in mind:
- `ng build --prod` will not run 'without warnings/errors'. This command has been deprecated in Angular 12 and removed in Angular 14. Instead, `ng build --configuration production` has been used.
- `ng lint` does return a single warning, related to HttpHeaders. The task required inclusion of 'X-API-KEY' with value 'HoA' to each API call, however crudcrud.com seems to not allow requests to have such a header. The code remains in the `recipesApi.service.ts` file, although commented out, creating an unused import, and the aforementioned lint warning.
- `ng test` command returns error related to lack of tests, which were an optional requirement and I had no time to implement.
- crudcrud.com endpoints expire after 24 hours. It is likely that by the time this task is reviewed, the API key will no longer be valid and require a new one (and as such creation of new recipes).
- Task description has been interpreted as to creating a single resource, 'recipes', and using ingredients directly in that resource, instead of creating two resources that have a 1:many connection. This was done due to lack of explicit instructions in the task description saying otherwise, as well as due to 'simulated api' aspect of the task, which removes potential of creating database relations, and it is of my opinion that doing so on the frontend application would be inefficient.
- Due to above, the `_id` parameter of ingredients is not generated by the crudcrud.com service, and instead must be generated on the frontend. `Date.now()` signature is used for that.
- Validation rules for ingredient names and quantity fields were not specified, therefore they have been copied from the recipe name field.
- The following 'optional' tasks have been completed: 2, 3, 7. Remaining tasks were not completed due to time constraints.
- Eslint rule `@typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion` has been disabled. This was done because of the need to use the ! operator, as I've chosen to use a typed interface model for the values provided by the FormGroup in the `recipe-form.component.ts`. Due to the forms requiring to use null as possible value, this led to a model with optional null type, which led to the need to use ! operator to ensure the compiler the values are actually provided, which is true, due to `Validators.required` being used on every field in the form, making a submission with null values impossible.